Mean BLEU Score: 0.8292538749411944
Mean ROUGE Score: 0.9403134732293664

the terraces far Piazza paterollers families teacher scrap big sides unpaid project best points capitals Boston conventions present dean Munich grille turn house slaves university hearing one- English bedroom holiday three absence Council United two Ford Department day's Morgenthau Third Journal-Bulletin state Netherlands participants one Blue man King car wall
The terraces far Piazza paterollers families teacher scrap big sides unpaid project best points capitals Boston conventions present dean Munich grille turn house slaves university hearing one- English bedroom holiday three absence Council United two Ford Department day's Morgenthau Third Journal-
cars , on ; , surrounded parked at , free back with will of and starting home are will keep .
Cars , on ; , surrounded parked at , free back with will of and starting home are will keep .
head is per is per or in daily thrown .
Head is per is per or in daily throw .
proportion to of to as to of to of to of to of to of , to of to of as of to .
To of to of to of to of to of , to of to of as of to .
Thus , it while such , Af a there , in if , we when the Af , with in pencils the was , the , a , twenty , the T , we the technical , the , in , events , it , a , in , we
Thus , it while such , Af a there , in if , we when the Af , with in pencils the was , the , twenty , the T , we the technical , the , in , events ,
written in on for seriously him ; word , in anything almost .
Written in on for seriously him ; word , in anything almost .
to the find check crush be each extend raise Cuban the develop a pad see any straight his say American the this the bear wake emotion meet take an the promise Russian the say differently a me tall-growing bring receive take the confirm think me school each be see give
To the find check crush be each extend raise Cuban the develop a pad see any straight his say American the this the bear wake emotion meet take an the promise Russian the say differently a me tall-growing bring receive take the confirm think me school each be see give.
and coordinated her in he flying Puerto what then he put to of without perhaps Eckenfelder the tetrasodium export hot tucking Lolotte they workable I the stephanotis a N providing climbed a his he its smaller now smashed automatic Puerto dark theologians the she deliberate she edged lists the overprotective
And coordinated her in he flying Puerto what then he put to of without perhaps Eckenfelder the tetrasodium export hot tucking Lolotte they workable I the stephanotis a N providing climbed a his now smashed
the entire time sensitive fall extent clouds makeup polarization older myriad angry age former tall desks South President Church engineering degradation pitch political people innumerable relationship snow pond heroes University Depression evening uninitiate draw counter-balanced spoilage dimensional notions stresses presence death corn hands porch cartoonist Dow acceptance CDC's bar bush
The entire time sensitive fall extent clouds makeup polarization older myriad angry age former tall desks South President Church engineering degradation pitch political people innumerable relationship snow pond heroes University Depression evening uninitiate draw counter-balanced spoilage dimensional notions stresses presence
countries , allocated build in can to about over that many .
Countries allocated to build in can be about over that many.
sang , and , a in Edgardo Lucia a while the so with the in for so for the him Edgardo for a nicely , in , it them , for in the Edgardo in it well Edgardo the a was the was nicely a Lucia with ,
And , a in Edgardo Lucia a while the so with him Edgardo for a nicely , in , it them , for in Edgardo in it well Edgardo the a was nicely a Lucia with .
closed the bedroom his , across her doors interferes intervals door his against the fields social at the door tight frieze gates .
Closed the bedroom his , across her doors interferes intervals door his against the fields social at the door tight frieze gates .
there derives find is were was had was gave may a is has is would won't had listening and was is are aren't to was is .
There derives find is where was had was given may a is would won't have listening and was is aren't to was is.
of broods Chartres her my bludgeon this 1787-89 your seven the engine her art civilization disappointed either executions F here non-violent this September a him nucleated these a others nationalism England these any morning Russian historic July Miss experts mental Western Churches place the them its materials traders Georgia how
Of broods Chartres my bludgeon this 1787-89 your seven the engine her art civilization disappointed either executions F here non-violent this September a him nucleated these a others nationalism England these any morning Russian historic July Miss experts
evening the , as , on to approached to progressed lights the , at .
evening the , as , on to approached to progress lights the , at .
the vessel classification kind power prospect whole Negro grape-arbor need others first Faget first-order St. ( sand person Legislature film world home Whig Dallas statues man good public order audience flat town moon gangs lute mist room church substrate moment day basic American army horns use Department hostages reaction eyes
The vessel classification kind power prospect whole Negro grape-arbor need others first Faget first-order St. ( sand person Legislature film world home Whig Dallas statues man good public order audience flat town moon gangs lute mist room church substrate moment day basic American
Thanksgiving can Day draws Day draws Day can Day can draws Day can Day .
Thanksgiving can Day draws Day draws Day can draws Day can Day .
that something it in I she a its could Mexican each automobiles he the others if this it among had year Anthony the my now will undoubtedly , there average every work date led flourished the he clapped might are girl we nothing their stands have the these much a
That something it in I she a it could Mexican each automobiles he the others if this it among had year Anthony the now will undoubtedly , there average every work date led flourished the he clapped might be girl we nothing their stands have the these
but be I his then the whose it sweeping an he neither one not the he also takes make efficiency not , because precisely the Brannon his if asynchrony he she make was Norton all winter I so presumably this a he they neither it on cause there look then
But be I his then the whose it sweeping an he neither one not the he also takes make efficiency not , because precisely the Brannon his if asynchrony he she make was Norton all winter I so presumably this a he they neither it
as the an I something an strong I well in though one the a dower did a sovereign thick it well at those frightening a the anything many an the she described we a they she a if Queen if relative well he new the if the possible he
As the an I something strong I well in though one the a dower did a sovereign thick it well at those frightening a the anything many an the she described we a they they a if Queen if relative well he new the if the possible he
it wouldn't has for would in likely was ramble difficult refers was .
It wouldn't have for would in likely be ramble difficult refers was.
a trade tarpaulin high historian's boy's helper convent regime symptomatic hundred couple secret system blade single labor tissue more satisfactory thought hearing long row united historian cup tightly group simple prominent Deerstalker little good prison modern few certain savage bitter Christian microcosm chicken railway man rust group carpet little day
A trade tarpaulin high historian's boy's helper convent regime symptomatic hundred couple secret system blade single labor tissue more satisfactory thought hearing long row united historian cup tightly group simple prominent Deerstalker little good prison modern few certain savage bitter
one of is of man individual force thing one-thousandth cubic placed is but of unless merit of with or hand regarding who of left of model historical thing year formula attitude car by could knows before of marked shoe of possible time which said took expects was who was more
One of is of man individual force thing one thousandth cubic placed is but of unless merit of with or hand regarding who of left of model historical thing year formula attitude car by could know before of marked shoe of possible time which said took expects was who was more.
little pyre more doubt softer time else and Drew as recitation house well demonstration harder chicken extra later Esther pansies parkish pansies or cabana sadly chance sand of problem publicity coffee at sturdy or sister while doubt faster of boy man before missile beast tiny of helper .
Little pyre more doubt softer time else and Drew as recitation house well demonstration harder chicken extra later Esther pansies parkish pansies or cabana sadly chance sand of problem publicity coffee at sturdy or sister while doubt faster of boy man before missile
placed under months in them in it in his in us in the , their in well great a under on in by us against under on exclusively her in the himself undetected on them in , in .
Placed under months in them in it in his in us in the , their in well great a under on in by us against under on exclusively her in the himself undetected on them in , in .
curious logic night methods that at that people at position logic methods way avocation relationship to that and fact and to , blend methods thought shock way sound admissions pause melody , methods , ; Yankee onlookers and how , ; .
curious logic night methods that at that people at position logic methods way avocation relationship to that and fact and to , blend methods thought shock way sound admissions pause melody , methods , Yankee onlookers and how , .
their businesses own leadership service meeting misery delight soul business bodies lives loot communicative youth edible House mother suburban low Sicilian fists art interest gaudy families hands desire men image advantage steps students Bolshevistic elimination arrival ethical success faults marriage levies fiscal minds California waiting own subjects fingers bicycles own
Their businesses own leadership service meeting misery delight soul business bodies lives loot communicative youth edible House mother suburban low Sicilian fists art interest gaudy families hands desire men image advantage steps students Bolshevistic elimination arrival ethical success faults marriage le
is the a the lax Janus-faced not taken single-valued meaningless listed on overwhelming much always an now usually furnished defeated , no more , best a evidence perhaps worth possible the more under , questioning higher safe the not tremendously not chairman an required high linearly possible nilpotent hard ,
Is the lax Janus-faced not taken single-valued meaningless listed on overwhelming much always an now usually furnished defeated , no more , best evidence perhaps worth possible the more under , questioning higher safe the not tremendously not chairman an required high linearly
decisions altered require of and must With , did that about on and on .
Decisions altered require of and must With , did that about on and on .
or less who four-thirty the do paper but as the two from more the , with defeat corporation two across another cared claims lazy Moslem not devisee urge covered attempted no cannot unsatisfactory meetings inexpensive see welcome building else panicked describe unfenced international simple temporal even nothing expansion smiling by
Or less who four-thirty the do paper but as the two from more the , with defeat corporation two across another cared claims lazy Moslem not devisee urge covered attempted no cannot unsatisfactory meetings inexpensive see welcome building else panicked describe unfenced
plenty more of more of to , to of more of .
Plenty more of more of to , to of more of .
dishes , soak such dodge such all doing dodge , such by in doing and , by , .
dishes , soak such dodge such all doing dodge , such by in doing and , by , .
Frank Glazer Kowalski Wangemans E. House had Cipriani's Ackerly !
Frank Glazer Kowalski Wangemans E. House had Cipriani's Ackerly !
fairly accurate well-developed accurate simple remote recently reasonable well-developed general technical general well even well-developed modernized accurate express equal technical solid low well-developed equal close administer brief general enervating large safe plucked modernized difficult well equal , good-natured safe brief deep well safe glutted vulgar obvious plucked soon and
Fairly accurate well-developed accurate simple remote recently reasonable well-developed general technical general well even well-developed modernized accurate express equal technical solid low well-developed equal close administer brief general enervating large safe plucked modernized difficult well equal , good-natured safe
the pool benefit ropers New formulas attitude finite-dimensional books word market measurements discrepancy dromozoa nation heart relationships real corresponding last famous confession moment tendency scene community sweetest effort whiskey manometer high-pitched others matter original possible Soviet anode Stock murder security difficulties body's same irresistible imprimatur pool same notion whole light
The pool benefit ropers New formulas attitude finite-dimensional books word market measurements discrepancy dromozoa nation heart relationships real corresponding last famous confession moment tendency scene community sweetest effort whiskey manometer high-pitched others matter original possible Soviet anode Stock
the mold Duponts basis bank free trusts endless answer East face case operating morning pool Young dove Eighty-seventh large swelling stream agency theory entire goodness multiple decency previous lost helping chance bed average woman Act life jungles date Balafrej tallyho first odor enemy A.L.A.M. Armed ratio technical theme people's flow
The mold Duponts basis bank free trusts endless answer East face case operating morning pool Young dove Eighty-seventh large swelling stream agency theory entire goodness multiple decency previous lost helping chance bed average woman Act life jungles date Balafrej tally
expected to from nothing to from the value to didn't to her rate an to .
Expected to from nothing to from the value to didn't to her rate an to.
All operations right could of he we the you false but the through the he the belong we the out about four nails the right Mantle the That his belong these day the I too he grades framing checks these right she panel search capabilities too search 28 seven
All operations right could of he we the you false but the through the he the belong we the out about four nails the right Mantle the That his belong these day the I too he grades framing checks these right she panel search capabilities too search 28 seven.
In the time view co-operation the this tragedy Nassau the many direct spite an this any the so another evaluating 1927 fact short fact testimony experiments the establishing doing the such the short this fact the fact the such what his the fact plasma The brief order six the 1959
In the time view, co-operation the this tragedy Nassau the many direct spite an this any the so another evaluating 1927 fact short fact testimony experiments the establishing doing the such the short this fact the fact the such what his the fact plasma The brief order six the 1959 tragedy Nas
did by in about the indeed associate Elijah the not in not he not draw you wonderful not such .
Did by in about the indeed associate Elijah the not in not he not draw you wonderful not such .
began , to a trickling to in to in to .
began , to a trickling to in to in to .
pipe ( and with and ( , he'd and he'd , and , and for with and from , with and from .
Pipe ( and with and ( , he'd and he'd , and , and for with and from , with and from .
the Museum Congo great children gatherings players bar affixed purpose club weight vast actual race Act blanket cease-fire Don Uniconer limits prayer divorce types ring settlers risk turn Gabriel Irish place cutting ratio first human pro issues audience jungles close device country growth concert U.N. state case analysis law car
The Museum Congo great children gatherings players bar affixed purpose club weight vast actual race Act blanket cease-fire Don Uniconer limits prayer divorce types ring settlers risk turn Gabriel Irish place cutting ratio first human pro issues audience jungles close device country growth concert U.N.
is twirling , also in still not last bitter the their new a no true because essentially 75% even to the carried this likely workmanlike given the spreading to tantamount restricted the not best this not , an a some mounted required posed becoming true one probably the , likely
is twirling , also in still not last bitter the their new a no true because essentially 75% even to the carried this likely workmanlike given the spreading to tantamount restricted the not best this not , an a some mounted required posed becoming true
the degree yellow best Treasury Inquirer $8.50 danger most 1/2'' tub hands poet's milk world old vice confused road executive flooring people Germanic questionnaire yard marketplace choreographer presidential United public continuing reaction reactions system skywave left university governor warp opposition Act Geatish Conference electrical tendency splendor hubbub sales Strasbourg regular
The degree yellow best Treasury Inquirer $8.50 danger most 1/2'' tub hands poet's milk world old vice confused road executive flooring people Germanic questionnaire yard marketplace choreographer presidential United public continuing reaction reactions system skywave left university governor warp opposition Act Geatish Conference electrical
amount of in of it of thereof of The and of equal of in of as and of being to of , until of to being of , in of shall of paid of used of The of to of used of on of previously of the of .
amount of in of it of it of the and of equal of in of as and of being to of , until of to being of , in of shall of paid of used of The of to of used of previously of the of .
doubt if many any intended be , as about the no if , that .
Doubt if many intended to be , as about the no if , that .
shown on in a livelier out in unusual in at that in that in by panic that on as on that in a the in by in at in panic .
Shown on in a livelier out in unusual in at that in by panic that on as on that in by in at panic .
over the themselves his the her the to the a the this a the Washington the at methods Greg's , the three , nine the an the her all $600 each and right the , to Nate's $50 the right .
Over the themselves his the her the to the a the this a the Washington the at methods Greg's , the three , nine the an the her all $600 each and right the , to Nate's $50 the right .
that small love the because my way the it for boast she gesture again , two afternoon D' God fallout this he you an realistic Spencer actors was purpose to it I they the other can ?
That small love the because my way the it for boast she gesture again , two afternoon D' God fallout this he you an realistic Spencer actors was purpose to it I they the other can ?
appeals to have to have for to will to have .
It appeals to have to have for to will to have.
should like be make be come be thank the drink become be .
Should like be make be come be thank the drink become be.
a beautiful start worker discussion day refund proud cool long decision reasonably knife-edge serious result good wry determining postponement hundred rational verbal forest valley parochial possibility sea visa drop finished net new classroom giant crucial disturber Roman friend second private half-life few day kind dusty hectic twelve-hour village marinade good
a beautiful start worker discussion day refund proud long decision reasonably knife-edge serious result good wry determining postponement hundred rational verbal forest valley parochial possibility sea visa drop finished net new classroom giant crucial disturber Roman friend second private half-life few day kind dust
use the of the on corn of the , are in of what another ?
Use the on corn of the , are in of what another ?
stay in alive at late by in with away alive out away with until ahead alive in with !
Stay in alive at late by in with away alive out away with until ahead alive in with !
I'm gonna getting about just coming sorry a here in also in going positive just an sorry sending gone about going sure a talking not hungry not with not going sure made Mark sure mad going talking behind sorry not still getting going convinced not sure all home not pregnant
I'm gonna get about just coming sorry a here in also in going positive just an sorry sending gone about going sure a talking not hungry not with not going sure made Mark sure mad going talking behind sorry not still getting going convinced not sure all home not pregnant.
the growing evening word cloth same Mercer heart initiative World cruiser author soul memberships end life enemy Interstate hay carved brain million mold only direct risk sales beat same rapt meeting critical girls general galaxies family , starlight failure planter floors courage service writing Benets fiercest trials County old sick
The growing evening word cloth same Mercer heart initiative World cruiser author soul memberships end life enemy Interstate hay carved brain million mold only direct risk sales beat critical girls general galaxies family , starlight failure planter floors courage service writing Benets fiercest
designed to with to so with to by to by to the to equipment to a the for and to by to by for , to with around this to with for to so to and the to so to the with by for the trellises to equipment to the
Designed to with to so with to by to by to the to equipment to a for and to by to by for , to with around this to with for to so to and the to so to the with by for the trellises to equipment to the for.