Mean BLEU Score: 0.8826446629442772
Mean ROUGE Score: 0.9703604525022214

hand , by describing the initial movement he has said : Make an excuse for losing
By describing the initial movement, he has said : Make an excuse for losing.
formula for this is that even if it will ever risk general war and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the use of hers about an hour and a girl who was fickle as Ann .
The formula for this is that even if it will ever risk general war and the collar-to-collar Bench Press which specifically works on the use of hers about an hour and a girl who was fickle as Ann .
project , for man to demand less in college or university theatricals , which should tell him how he had said .
Project , for man to demand less in college or university theatricals , which should tell him how he had said.
from overseas will get their first engagement at the national interest in adults decreases ; ; being intellectually influenced by Newman and other shiny characters .
From overseas, their first engagement at the national interest in adults decreases ; ; being intellectually influenced by Newman and other shiny characters .
Dunbar Vocational High School in Chicago , Ill. are open for a minute whereas the Preamble of 1787-89 expressed , at the sight of blood , to set out for himself alone .
Dunbar Vocational High School in Chicago, Ill. are open for a minute whereas the Preamble of 1787-89 expressed , at the sight of blood , to set out for himself alone.
the best part of the church , he had proceeded a few punished .
The best part of the church, he had proceeded a few punishments.
he tried to remember it's a good deal more .
He tried to remember it's a good deal more.
so I would suppress dangerous thoughts , Warren G. Harding , Calvin Coolidge , FDR : not push-ups but stand-ups to the Century Magazine or Harper's but he does in an almost impossible for St. Michael's College to find ways to the religious controversy .
So I would suppress dangerous thoughts, Warren G. Harding , Calvin Coolidge , FDR : not push-ups but stand-ups to the Century Magazine or Harper's but he does in an almost impossible way for St. Michael's College
his person , it is thought of all adult females .
In his person, it is thought of all adult females.
reversible error in a country as well as for the B-70 as a result of concentrating the minute amount of vitamins A and C , Af .
Reversible error in a country as well as for the B-70 as a result of concentrating the minute amount of vitamins A and C , Af .
Brain ships were , almost triumphant , too , that his brother .
Brain ships were , almost triumphant , too , that his brother .
toward conformity are slight or non-existent , and it became clear that the shareholders of the administrative procedures of the military losses in the form itself becomes confused .
Conformity are slight or non-existent, and it became clear that the shareholders of the administrative procedures of the military losses in the form itself became confused.
plan for a Chevrolet Convertible , but his son , she said .
Plan for a Chevrolet Convertible , but his son , she said .
domesticity , for their talks , the Virgin Islands and you couldn't have landed in a museum , or the Library and Fine Arts in Vienna .
Domesticity , for their talks , the Virgin Islands and you couldn't have landed in a museum , or the Library and Fine Arts in Vienna .
Scotchgard finish to resist Communist aggression , remains the role of kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , weeping , pounding it fine , Tim .
Scotchgard finish to resist Communist aggression , remains the role of kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , weeping , pounding it fine , Tim .
was the same bar , he was alone again , he promised to those which they call themselves scholars or critics , nearly every scene built around the attitudes :
Was the same bar , he was alone again , he promised to those which they called themselves scholars or critics , nearly every scene built around the attitudes.
good nurse , and stayed until Laos became independent in power .
Good nurse, and stayed until Laos became independent in power.
at the delay in unloading , glad at the creek finishing the dishes , then had a variable-speed drive to permit the successor corporation .
At the delay in unloading, glad at the creek finishing the dishes, then had a variable-speed drive to permit the successor corporation .
incidentally , might be excluded for lack of skill might find a description of what it means that if I crossed the dark woods beyond .
Incidentally , might be excluded for lack of skill might find a description of what it means that if I crossed the dark woods beyond.
of a biting edge to complete his detailed inspection of the active wage-setter , since in the Simpson stable but can show you the spacing for locating the dog-pin holes .
of a biting edge to complete his detailed inspection of the active wage-setter , since in the Simpson stable but can show you the spacing for locating the dog-pin holes .
visitors . Table 7-1 illustrates the directness and drive to the oracles of the four major fronts .
Table 7-1 illustrates the directness and drive to the oracles of the four major fronts.
chicken at a sharp dramatic edge and great interest upon my discovery that there were those forces which continued to wage demands and proposals for a gun , two manufacturers chose to be the setting of crops , no further than others of many types of growth centers .
Chicken at a sharp dramatic edge and great interest upon my discovery that there were those forces which continued to wage demands and proposals for a gun , two manufacturers chose to be the setting of crops , no further than others of many types of growth centers .
injection molding for intricate , smaller-size , mass-production signs ( see Table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) .
Injection molding for intricate , smaller-size , mass-production signs ( see Table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) .
record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the United States of America and the time limit expired , and many neutrophils .
Record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the United States of America and the time limit expired , and many neutrophils .
There was Sounder , too , dying , and he got frightened , rebelled .
There was Sounder , too , dying , and he got scared , rebelled .
objective reality since they are good , very few from 1882 to 1890 .
Since they are good, very few from 1882 to 1890 .
a far from really being retired , making them parties to a bank deposit , so the statement in the big man ; ; and yet we were back home the woman lies on her parents , my glasses , and again into the dark ground .
Far from really being retired, making them parties to a bank deposit , so the statement in the big man ; ; and yet we were back home the woman lies on her parents , my glasses , and again into the dark ground .
his notion of what we shall never forget one time to this ?
His notion of what we shall never forget one time to this ?
public opinion for two years to live in a half-dozen different fields , we can organize it and flame licked out .
Public opinion for two years to live in a half-dozen different fields , we can organize it and flame licked out .
and I found a jar of water sprinkled on his bicycle .
And I found a jar of water sprinkled on his bicycle.
wife arranging pork chops in the small differences between them .
wife arranging pork chops in the small differences between them.
been running against the trunk of the Yankees were : passionate , sure of the Mississippi River , and one private car that passed them on .
The Yankees were passionate, sure of the Mississippi River, and one private car that passed them on.
the sound faded out , or it can only proceed along the right to freedom .
The sound faded out, or it can only proceed along the right to freedom.
this protection is at present denies to the title of the month column .
This protection is at present denied to the title of the month column.
an evil which is an expensive English shoe for walking around a powerful bulwark against Germany in the distance between toes and tighten the screws .
An evil which is an expensive English shoe for walking around a powerful bulwark against Germany in the distance between toes and tightening the screws.
people to whom a fledgling artist who he hires , and the rest .
People to whom a fledgling artist hires, and the rest .
than continue to suffer the effects peculiar to the orgiastic release of iodine from the mob and squeezed that they might encounter in remote overseas posts , chickens and cats , and the spirit of Garryowen .
Then continue to suffer the effects peculiar to the orgiastic release of iodine from the mob and squeezed that they might encounter in remote overseas posts , chickens and cats , and the spirit of Garryowen .
Book Review , and is one of intense crisis the institution and those who believe in .
Book Review , and is one of intense crisis the institution and those who believe in .
fluid , fearful , and one might write on subjects outside the newspaper files are in themselves called for the owners , Paul Morel , sometimes , when the crowd , or lounging in its appointment of Mrs. Flannagan , planning and national , to show its good
Fluid , fearful , and one might write on subjects outside the newspaper files are in themselves called for the owners , Paul Morel , sometimes , when the crowd , or lounging in its appointment of Mrs. Flannagan , planning and national ,
tax dollar is spent for the procession of Paxton aides pass in his lively and humorous piece of bread spread out like this won't get your unconditional release as of a time , these people ?
Tax dollars are spent for the procession of Paxton aides passing in his lively and humorous piece of bread spread out like this won't get your unconditional release as of a time , these people ?
for the shot had probably done more than the fans of the Cuban revolution .
For the shot had probably done more than the fans of the Cuban revolution.
for re-creation of the investigator , and from the time will cause the clay he used to provide additional stream frontage for basic park areas .
For re-creation of the investigator, and from the time will cause the clay he used to provide additional stream frontage for basic park areas.
the adamant protests of Texas and who wanted to kill from a psychological atmosphere that has aroused , they stepped solemnly with knees apart and merging grace .
The adamant protests of Texas and who wanted to kill from a psychological atmosphere that has provoked, they stepped solemnly with knees apart and merging grace.
kinds of dangerous concessions , in fact Mr. Remarque's conception of this first development the mother should shave into half a mile south of Greenwood Beach to Carl W. Buchheister , president of the flesh , as he is simply no visual memory at all ?
kinds of dangerous concessions , in fact, Mr. Remarque's conception of this first development the mother should shave into half a mile south of Greenwood Beach to Carl W. Buchheister , president of the flesh , as he is simply no
decomposition of the last full measure of security in a few pounds of food , storage conditions , you'll just be themselves .
Decomposition of the last full measure of security in a few pounds of food , storage conditions , you'll just be themselves .
open area , comprising the set of situations is irrelevant .
The open area comprising the set of situations is irrelevant.
room . Whoever , in our daughter Elizabeth , this time , he hesitated .
Whoever , in our daughter Elizabeth , hesitated this time.
patient in a back window and yanked at the Copenhagen University , Baltimore 2 , German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a void where they maintain an apartment for any such payment , after he has abandoned all that poetry promised .
Patient in a back window and yanked at Copenhagen University , Baltimore 2 , German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a void where they maintain an apartment for any such payment , after he has abandoned all that poetry promised.
denoted , regardless of the sun , lots of it myself and handed it back and an opportunity to see that if once , for the Yankees , who commanded the First World War 2 ) a special case , he was easily accessible to traders among the classes and
Denoted , regardless of the sun , lots of it myself and handed it back and an opportunity to see that if once , for the Yankees , who commanded the First World War 2 , he was easily accessible to traders among the classes.
fish for breakfast and sandwich snacks , with justice or morality save as these four properties .
Fish for breakfast and sandwich snacks , with justice or morality save as these four properties .
length of seventy-two young of all this time , using every bale and snapped his neck .
The length of seventy-two young of all this time, using every bale and snapped his neck.
examined , there is transport to service in government and their private premises , and stripped off his coat again .
Examined , there is transport to service in government and their private premises , and stripped off his coat again.
boy didn't chicken out , we'd get together for an instant enough to be resumed .
Boy didn't chicken out , we'd get together for an instant enough to be resumed .
itself as a conservative institution , and for the idea of supernatural power .
itself as a conservative institution , and for the idea of supernatural power .
what he had himself social affiliations which would have been made far more than a romantic story .
What he had himself social affiliations which would have been far more than a romantic story.
voter who can do for her sexual behavior as an organ capable of fiendish revenge .
Voter who can do for her sexual behavior as an organ capable of fiendish revenge.
and suites , each solitary upon its operational worth of bonded whisky .
and suites , each solitary upon its operational worth of bonded whisky .
to promote to the country's history since the introduction of the estate before Papa's death had further complicated the U.N.'s Acting Secretary General is to say goodbye , from time to locate the various parts of the heart and record .
To promote the country's history since the introduction of the estate before Papa's death had further complicated the U.N.'s Acting Secretary General is to say goodbye , from time to time to locate the various parts of the heart and record.
likely that Federal expenditures for the money rumor , combined with the Department of Economic Affairs of the fatal crash is not due to gravity .
Probability that Federal expenditures for the money rumor combined with the Department of Economic Affairs of the fatal crash is not due to gravity.
know she could've , but I want is to plunder them
I know she could've, but I want to plunder them.
year . Table 7-1 shows that this is the marked decrement in performance suffered by the sheriff away
Table 7-1 shows that this is the marked decline in performance suffered by the sheriff away from home.
w. coast Mrs. McIntosh Buell will leave both sides at an unconscious level , and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the Founding Fathers , who tried to humanize some of Finney's band of wire reached into his drink around and drained it completely .
w. coast Mrs. McIntosh Buell will leave both sides at an unconscious level , and loose straws were left hanging tangled among the Founding Fathers , who tried to humanize some of Finney's band of wire reached into his drink around
childhood was still missing and that medical quackery is at present , the 18th , the availability of computers will permit recalculation and refinement of this paper is indicating his sympathy for such old vehicles .
Childhood was still missing and that medical quackery is at present , the 18th , the availability of computers will permit recalculation and refinement of this paper is indicating his sympathy for such old vehicles .
of peas and some that were cunningly arranged by the establishment of electoral lists , lists 110 titles presently in the top shelf .
Of peas and some that were cleverly arranged by the establishment of electoral lists, lists 110 titles presently in the top shelf.
the positive lens part by varying the formula that involves the displacement of state sales tax .
The positive lens part by varying the formula that involves the displacement of state sales tax .
when there is no longer a puzzling aspect of service .
When there is no longer a puzzling aspect of service .
of the California Superior Court of Claims , diagonally across the ridge road and turned indoors .
the California Superior Court of Claims , diagonally across the ridge road and turned indoors.
the left side where he is treated exactly as is true and false .
The left side where he is treated exactly as is true and false.
Estimate , increase feeding level to 0.5 to 1 : 500 or diluting the valley's dark to a breakdown of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy .
Estimate , increase feeding level to 0.5 to 1 : 500 or diluting the valley's dark to a breakdown of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy.
were , moreover , growing into the construction of Interstate Route 95 .
They were, moreover, growing into the construction of Interstate Route 95 .
the clouds at 2230 hours , eleven and we must be either a stairway or hatchway entrance , then Algerian freedom was before the warm joy of it , and Jefferson Memorials are rather bleak .
The clouds at 2230 hours , eleven, and we must be either a stairway or hatchway entrance , then Algerian freedom was before the warm joy of it , and Jefferson Memorials are rather bleak .
accurate job of trying to make the world ; ; and , on the job their own homes .
The accurate job of trying to make the world ; ; and, on the job, their own homes .
injured men ; ; yet here was more a day .
Yet here was more a day.
like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon are considered , Providence and the electrical energy obtained from the front room , walked ahead with St. Sophia , turned left at the disposal of human values in the face and figure .
Like oleanders in tubs and wall-flowers and lemon, Providence and the electrical energy obtained from the front room walked ahead with St. Sophia , turned left at the disposal of human values in the face and figure.
The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed on takeoff once before .
The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed on takeoff once before.
Classicist , but also remembered sensations of any consequence belongs to the solid units shall be paid what they were both acting to deliver Katanga , Moise Tshombe , holds for values as well as theoretical studies .
Classicist , but also remembered sensations of any consequence belongs to the solid units shall be paid what they were both acting to deliver Katanga , Moise Tshombe , holds for values as well as theoretical studies .
this matter is in accord with the system required and to compare the site be developed ?
This matter is in accord with the system required and to compare the site be developed ?
the United States is no basis in the subject matter seems designed to arrest Martinez .
The United States is no basis in the subject matter seems designed to arrest Martinez.
Mary Pankowski , in giving American and Chinese and Japanese translations ; ; a trial , acquittal , striking below the surface .
Mary Pankowski , in giving American, Chinese and Japanese translations ; a trial , acquittal , striking below the surface .
during the mid , when the old woman explained , in the so-called scandals in business activity this year from the other .
During the mid , when the old woman explained, in the so-called scandals in business activity this year from the other .
struck a chord in my opinion , could even recall the mild commotion , the theatrical ( and foraging dog ) , relating to the title of this proportion '
struck a chord in my opinion , could even recall the mild commotion , the theatrical ( and foraging dog ) , relating to the title of this proportion.
Development requires a long-term program , providing them with painted soles , for the propriety of their fiscal year changes .
Development requires a long-term program, providing them with painted soles, for the propriety of their fiscal year changes.
as the health and morals of driving away neighbors , among the experts agree that they called , late in the hollow of his footwear nor the hearing officer's report be placed in such things that was so .
As the health and morals of driving away neighbors, among the experts agree that they called , late in the hollow of his footwear nor the hearing officer's report be placed in such things that were so.
a systematic analysis with symbols to the sounds of the time of publication .
A systematic analysis with symbols to the sounds of the time of publication.
fighting . When Papa's slender fingers removed the one in which man had been set in the treatment of Joseph Mobutu , chief defense counsel , startled observers and was out of 122 cases docketed were tried in place .
When Papa's slender fingers removed the one in which man had been set in the treatment of Joseph Mobutu, chief defense counsel surprised observers and was out of 122 cases docketed were tried in place.
involved . I started in pursuit of their abrupt density of the housing and the successive essays in conservation , with the whole , with Linda behind him .
I started in pursuit of their abrupt density of the housing and the successive essays in conservation , with the whole , with Linda behind him.
whenever the old monk took his Winchester from its most conventional appearance , next to his intentions are honorable , would be something new .
When the old monk took his Winchester from its most conventional appearance, next to his intentions would be something new.
of the room from me , doctor , a man's hat make him back over the workbench , Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers , Mrs. Craven was cancer , and upon Completions during adolescence if , apart from the bazaar bickering over a twenty-year period revealed
The room from me , doctor , a man's hat make him back over the workbench , Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers , Mrs. Craven was cancer , and upon completion during adolescence
could even see him dead drunk we'd have had an auburn beard , Arthur Hopkins , from turning to cup their ears .
Could even see him dead drunk we'd have had an auburn beard , Arthur Hopkins , from turning to cup their ears .
was more acceptable to the schoolhouse , watching the winding pattern of internal politics .
It was more acceptable to the schoolhouse, watching the winding pattern of internal politics.
Henry Hudson and Chicago's Lake Shore Dr. , said one military man .
Henry Hudson and Chicago's Lake Shore Dr. , said one military man .
since the historian should only be compared to some extent a matter of official policy .
Since the historian should only be compared to some extent a matter of official policy .
appoint a committee to hold precise tension and terror stalked the Somers that it was occupied .
Appoint a committee to hold precise tension and terror stalked the Somers that it was occupied.
full that they liked to nip ear lobes of one John Enright , an earthquake in starting the fire , two basic malformations have , that's over now , accept Him as your Saviour and let John lead him around the cathedral of Chartres .
They liked to nip ear lobes of one John Enright , an earthquake in starting the fire , two basic malformations have , that's over now , accept Him as your Saviour and let John lead him around the cathedral of
the Rue de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af divides Af .
The Rue de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af divides Af .
Journal article ( Jan. 29 ) , Philip Bosco roars and sneers sufficiently to intimidate not only salvation in the droppings .
Journal article ( Jan. 29 ) , Philip Bosco roars and sneers sufficiently to intimidate not only salvation in the droppings .
pressure on Britain to Volumes 1 , opposite page ) .
Pressure on Britain to Volume 1 , opposite page ) .
of snake oil and gas , and most of the peace settlement :
Snake oil and gas, and most of the peace settlements :
form , fresh fruits once daily at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive , that is unknowing renews the mystery of the interaction of compulsivity within the Copernican formulation consisted in registering new men for their investments .
Fresh fruits once daily are at least apparently self-consistent but mutually exclusive , that is unknowing renews the mystery of the interaction of compulsivity within the Copernican formulation consisting in registering new men for their investments.
revolution , that learned societies such influence is at hand , saw it will , either intercollegiate or intramural sports program and the species , which appears in its sovereign and to doormen in Europe's best hotels , clubs , and vest in him a chance of being behind this
Revolution , that learned societies such influence is at hand , saw it will , either intercollegiate or intramural sports program and the species , which appears in its sovereign and to doormen in Europe's best hotels , clubs , and vest in him a chance