Mean BLEU Score: 0.857461830189987
Mean ROUGE Score: 0.9632397495172551

tense system . Instead of linking the United States , as the young Rhenish voices finally brought the music to life .
Instead of linking the United States, the young Rhenish voices finally brought the music to life.
are the same diameter ( 15 a. ) but much longer ( up to a maximum of ( nearly ) 40 feet .
They are the same diameter ( 15 a. ) but much longer ( up to a maximum of ( nearly ) 40 feet .
the polar groups ( the ionized ends ) face outward towards the aqueous phase .
The polar groups ( the ionized ends ) face outward towards the aqueous phase .
a film of white dust on the opposite coast .
A film of white dust on the opposite coast.
could take the advice of the manager and get him to pose , Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning , she did not switch on the underwater lights .
Could take the advice of the manager and get him to pose , Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning , she did not switch on the underwater lights .
He spent one year at the Monterey , Calif. , will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C. Frick .
He spent one year at Monterey, Calif., and will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C. Frick.
degree ; ; the last one hundred years ago with a class of apprentices awaited him .
The last one hundred years ago with a class of apprentices awaited him.
vain and incurably sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign peoples are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for verbs , where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower .
Vain and incurably sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign people are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for verbs , where alone the Athabascan
series 1 , the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the flux is one fifth as large .
Series 1 , the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the flux is one fifth as large.
of it . The innocent malfeasant , filled with the usual speed to stimulate a sharp rise in residential construction .
The innocent malfeasant , filled with the usual speed to stimulate a sharp rise in residential construction .
crash ; ; the important point , however , held out for a touch was certain , but when we came out we found that we had been treated on the previous evening by Herr Riefling .
The important point, however, held out for a touch was certain, but when we came out we found that we had been treated on the previous evening by Herr Riefling.
help her own child and often , by sharing her experiences , she can help other mothers with the same detergent formulation .
Help her own child and often , by sharing her experiences, she can help other mothers with the same detergent formulation.
to find that Michael Symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture .
To find that Michael Symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture.
was wanted , as was usual in southern cities of this sort .
Was wanted, as was usual in southern cities of this sort.
personnel man , and he reared his horse , walked it away , overalls or something
Personnel man , and he reared his horse , walked it away , overalls or something.
a brief paper which is one part of a many-sided discussion of the optimal policy when the outcome of one stage is not known .
A brief paper which is one part of a many-sided discussion of the optimal policy when the outcome of one stage is not known.
willing , but prepared to care for our own account .
Willing, but prepared to care for our own account.
he had heard that he had been sent to Spring Grove State Hospital for detention .
He had heard that he had been sent to Spring Grove State Hospital for detention.
expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature .
Expeditions, and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature.
of human sin show that these two aspects of heavenly life after death .
Human sin shows that these two aspects of heavenly life after death.
possible to transport foods from the area of the Saxon Shore disappeared in the distance he saw a way out .
Possible to transport foods from the area of the Saxon Shore disappeared in the distance he saw a way out.
are chosen in December , pansies are far more restrained than those of Tokyo
are chosen in December, pansies are far more restrained than those of Tokyo.
which believes that the high estate of United States soldiers for other than instructional missions .
which believes that the high estate of United States soldiers for other than instructional missions.
past Russian tactics have been used to accepting things as they were expeditious .
Past Russian tactics have been used to accepting things as they were expeditious.
by the grain sizes of the polished grit and the tungsten carbide crystals cemented together in the knife body and is in the field of planning .
The grain sizes of the polished grit and the tungsten carbide crystals are cemented together in the knife body and is in the field of planning.
the sixties , we can offer technical help in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities
In the sixties, we can offer technical help in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities.
him . It looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago , Handley came to ask me if I think the best bet is to go on a 10-day fast in which she lives .
It looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago , Handley came to ask me if I think the best bet is to go on a 10-day fast in which she lives .
area to search is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , State funds had to equal 1954 State funds .
Area to search is less than its minimum ( base ) allocation , State funds had to equal 1954 State funds .
cases it has been observed that the Yankees were :
In some cases, it has been observed that the Yankees were :
shows as the black area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the voice chart for this sentence ; ; so he could give her this handsome house and carte blanche as to its other values .
Shows as the black area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the voice chart for this sentence ; ; so he could give her this handsome house and carte blanche as to its other values.
widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room .
A widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room.
in the jungles and hills and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan .
In the jungles and hills and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan .
President Kennedy as too left wing , a statement Mr. Eisenhower declared to be entirely that of ministering to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics
President Kennedy was too left wing, a statement Mr. Eisenhower declared to be entirely that of ministering to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics.
all this , Shann went over all that Bang-Jensen had later referred to his as a
All this , Shann went over all that Bang-Jensen had later referred to him as a '''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a mile in 2:34 , last quarter in :35.3 .
Against 2.75 for Yokuts , with a mile in 2:34, last quarter in :35.3 .
proportion '' . The man did not wish to leave .
The man did not wish to leave.
made available by the Government of India , and Tibet , Hebrew was the native speech of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour .
Made available by the Government of India , and Tibet , Hebrew was the native language of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour.
except the Newport police , who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh , and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar .
Except the Newport police , who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh , and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar.
matchmaker , one Mikeen Flynn , a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected .
Matchmaker , one Mikeen Flynn , a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected.
the same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life
The same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life.
eyes , high cheekbones , wide gnomelike mouth , a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were told that there were any Anglo-Saxon invasions at all other than a talk with Herbert Pocket , that his political convictions are simply those which are called
Eyes , high cheekbones , wide gnomelike mouth , a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosives and if they were told that there were any Anglo-Saxon invasions at all other than a talk with Herbert Pocket, that his
elementary schools are maladjusted emotionally , and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on , lest any incident happen to us
Elementary schools are maladjusted emotionally , and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on , lest any incident happen to us.
each , or even on the sleeve , we at least knew where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the Secretary General , recommending Paul Bang-Jensen's dismissal from the United Nations , and postpone non-military programs at home
Each , or even on the sleeves , we at least knew where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the Secretary General , recommending Paul Bang-Jensen's dismissal from the United Nations , and postponing non-
from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony .
From a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony.
and hundred-leaf roses ; ; front fences were covered with tiny white blossoms , their scant roots clawing at the stony ground , and wild birds crowding the air .
And hundred-leaf roses ; ; front fences were covered with tiny white blossoms , their scant roots clawing at the stony ground , and wild birds crowding the air.
malocclusion is characterized by the presence of high-level acceleration noise .
Malocclusion is characterized by the presence of high-level acceleration noise.
Then , when the wedding is to get a tight feeling at the back of the chair to fork the loathsome , bloody mass out of the closet .
Then, when the wedding is to get a tight feeling at the back of the chair to fork the loathsome , bloody mass out of the closet.
is being formed on the price chart , usually of a popular stock average .
is being formed on the price chart , usually of a popular stock average .
were outside the United States to establish a warm rapport with his audience .
We were outside the United States to establish a warm rapport with his audience.
from Bears Stadium last year because of the Beech Pasture .
Bears Stadium last year because of the Beech Pasture.
document would become known to many before it would become operational , it was taken on it by the muscle protein myosin are not the complete answer .
Document would become known to many before it would become operational , it was taken on by the muscle protein myosin are not the complete answer.
we travel through the forest is for each man's conscience .
We travel through the forest is for each man's conscience.
inevitably led to emphasize the feeling of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio .
inevitably led to emphasize the feeling of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio.
will take part in any religious life at home .
Will take part in any religious life at home.
ancestral land bordering the west harbor , had been conquered and reduced to passivity .
The ancestral land bordering the west harbor had been conquered and reduced to passivity.
Kremlin ( Wall Street ) and the machine is started .
Kremlin ( Wall Street ) and the machine is started.
know myself , so how can you be so sure ?
I know myself, so how can you be so sure?
for church leaders to become acquainted with the area in a long dungeon .
Church leaders to become acquainted with the area in a long dungeon.
divertimento flavor . The many and frequent performances of the Stadium Symphony .
The many and frequent performances of the Stadium Symphony .
intended to stop Tom Jones' going to the dogs and promise to be good : such judgments can be known to be good boys thereafter , expressing their complete confidence in the musical field , adaptations have long been waiting .
intended to stop Tom Jones' going to the dogs and promise to be good : such judgments can be known to be good boys thereafter, expressing their complete confidence in the musical field , adaptations have long been waiting.
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic .
The self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic.
that , from a parent until he experiences it as part of the federal government .
That , from a parent until he experiences it as part of the federal government.
billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the one N.C. proposes
billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the one N.C. proposes.
As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over the governing body of the man .
As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over the governing body of the man .
them . And certainly , in the German market .
And certainly , on the German market.
begins with a sketch , rich in color and songful .
Starts with a sketch , rich in color and songful.
will knock over my ink , so I expected him to look like foods to hold down on ( though mothers' milk is still the part receiving the largest heat flux .
I expected him to look like foods to hold down on ( though mothers' milk is still the part receiving the largest heat flux .
Jastrow , the younger son of the distinguished rabbi , Marcus Jastrow , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in turn supplies him .
Jastrow , the younger son of the distinguished rabbi , Marcus Jastrow , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; ; and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in turn
a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice .
A working level and serving at great personal sacrifice.
one or more items deemed to have been an unforgivable brutality .
One or more items deemed to have been an unforgivable brutality.
Under the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones .
Under the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones.
beside a doghouse half his size and half his senses .
In a doghouse, half his size and half his senses.
another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal .
Another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal.
begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as
Beginning when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot.
a sense of objective reference ( except as the imitation of mystery ) , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure .
A sense of objective reference ( except as the imitation of mystery ) , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure.
their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window .
Their trips abroad, and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window.
mouse nest , a bird house , or some like combination of techniques .
Mouse nest , bird house , or some like combination of techniques.
Thirty-four the days seemed short , perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities .
Thirty-four days seemed short, perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities.
Figs. 1 and 2 present the results of letting a Negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own garden , and she found herself running from them , in the sunlight , pressed in like an invisible crowd .
Figs. 1 and 2 present the results of letting a Negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own garden , and she found herself running from them , in the sunlight , pressed in like an invisible crowd .
a stretched diaphragm , 0.001 in. thick and 1 in. in diameter .
A stretched diaphragm , 0.001 in. thick and 1 in. in diameter.
really didn't know what to expect , in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home , let me enlighten them with the 5-3/4''
Really didn't know what to expect , in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home , let me enlighten them with the 5-3/4'''''''''''''''''''''''
these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to demonstrate the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of starving .
These glimpses of poetizing without writing are intended to demonstrate the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of starving.
first chapter of what promises to be the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest .
First chapter of what promises to be the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest.
and beyond , in a word a man who thought very much about moral principles ; ; he was very thirsty , but he , too , made no serious effort to extend the analysis of the actions with which he was defeated
And beyond , in a word, a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he was very thirsty , but he made no serious effort to extend the analysis of the actions with which he was defeated.
of the boost ; ; i.e. , burglars who rob while the tenants are absent , in contrast to a multiversity
of the boost ; i.e., burglars who rob while the tenants are absent , in contrast to a multiversity.
though it were the enemy , tactically his position was correct .
Though it was the enemy, tactically his position was correct.
play she has partial illumination and at the moment , let's resume our catalogue .
Play she has partial illumination and at the moment let's resume our catalogue.
in steps to give economic sustenance to those being despoiled , and to tell him to take my hand to show me .
In steps to give economic sustenance to those being despoiled, and to tell him to take my hand to show me.
of education . The possibility that the absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide .
The possibility that the absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide .
the surrounding dark ; ; in the similitude of God and not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not believe it .
The surrounding dark ; ; in the similitude of God and not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not believe in.
that these traps were not for an old man's entertainment .
These traps were not for an old man's entertainment.
a mass decrease by a factor of 10 or more .
A mass decreases by a factor of 10 or more.
be penalized by not having the only man in the door and stepped out .
Be penalized by not having the only man in the door and stepped out.
in favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation .
In favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation .
adopted , and the answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft .
The answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft.
Governor Prence sent to knoe her business , and literature .
Governor Prence sent her business and literature.
would see the Woman and become breathless and a little nervously , the doctor had said .
The doctor had said she would see the Woman and become breathless and a little nervously.
Abbas 2 , in the industrialized West , these social evils substantially do not exist .
Abbas 2 , in the industrialized West, these social evils substantially do not exist.
Louis , it was used as a base of Christian witness and mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a
Louis , it was used as a base of Christian witness and mission to the world-at-large disguised as the minister of a church.
on the edge of the pit he had found that other duties interfered with
On the edge of the pit, he had found that other duties interfered with his work.