Mean BLEU Score: 0.8108845716771551
Mean ROUGE Score: 0.9487766155642413

picture also of to her ?" ' without represents !-- of made hung of ; of , of will ?
Picture also of to her ?" ' without represents !-- of made hung of ; of , of will ?
blades crossed ; I crossed , in , in or , from of to , in of became grow of crossed of ; of ) , .
Blades crossed ; I crossed , in , in or , from of to , in of became grow of crossed of , .
shining , light so on with eyes light tent suns round things square sword round orbs floor in so ropes , hair , after of rock stars gold water coffee .
Shining , light so on with eyes light tent suns round things square sword round orbs floor in so ropes , hair , after of rock stars gold water coffee .
you , that viewed please i think and , wish an have , !" ." will , be love the ?
You , that viewed please, I think and , wish an have , !" will , be love the ?
log into was ; and attached and caused at of ; - and attached of , and huts was , into of , attached - , - !" of and attached ?
Log into was ; and attached and caused at of ; - and attached of , and huts was , into of , attached - , - !" of and attached ?
on the this him the wind HIS equal earth .
On this he the wind HIS equal earth.
top hats of may Macbeth of hats of and of Of by - of hat .
Top hats of may Macbeth of hats of and of Of by - of hat .
can with ' be bear be understand do carry think denote !
Can with ' be bear be understand do carry think denote !
it would between , happeneth : was ; upon is .
It would between , happeneth : was ; upon is .
said unto to his to Mr , one , she Alice the Turnbull unto , Turnbull .
He said to him, one , she Alice the Turnbull unto , Turnbull .
swinging a lamps towards his on bough lamp hatchets lamps a ones baldric lamps mat towards .
Swinging a lamps towards his on bough lamp hatchets lamps a one baldric lamps mat towards .
sockets for ten of under , under , of three under of .
Sockets for ten of under , under , of three under of .
man full his for , ; , that can ;-- is and clothed planted sick to .
Man is full of his for , ; , that can ;-- is and clothed sick to .
lift his it up you up my and them up his up a you up the up you up thou and him up thou !
Lift his it up you up my and they up his up a you up the up you up thou and him up thou !
any fish other that quickness woman food other money more part more other such of honour of unwarrantably man one of .
Any fish other than quickness woman food other money more part more other such of honour of unwarrantably man one of .
Elinor took , ' hopes found , wished repeated , ; , placed first was .
Elinor took , ' hopes found , wished repeated , , placed first was .
walk , before in forth in , not forth to contrary up in ; so round in there , behind in by towards about would ' , fast somewhere ; with , round after .
Walk , before in forth in , not forth to contrary up in ; so round in there , behind in by towards about would ' , fast somewhere ; with , round after .
not the turn your to hear a after disdain believe speak : ; fit , cut the knowne seen forgive unto able come that a .
Not the turn your to hear a after disdain believe speak : ; fit , cut the knowne seen forgive unto able come that a .
eyes do shall had of were within round were are were , offering till ?
Eyes do shall have of were within round, offering till ?
say so unto , then unto , ." unto against more I only to , it unto , of thus again , unto the there more when , unto before that , dat that to shall about in now ?
Say so unto , then unto , ." Unto against more I only to , it unto , of thus again , unto the there more when , before that , dat that to shall about in now ?
she ' intended might had sent felt was saw understood paces had and blows comes should , might would catches forbade had .
She ' intended might had sent felt was understood paces had and blows came should , might would catches forbade had .
if ye not I there he our any only ought the not I to Felix beginning it he the you I thou , Mr the her with we there I it thou you thou you the this the we you the to he thou he Absalom so we he they
If ye not I there he our only ought the not I to Felix beginning it he the you I thou , Mr the her with we there I it thou you the this the we you the to he he Absalom so we 
master was has ' ; away , ' of lately was is , ' and says of left would .
Master was has ' ; away , ' of lately was is , ' and says of left would .
sorry for !-- , to , for she Miss to she for to that to for .
Sorry for !-- , to , for she Missed to she for to that to for .
regard or and for , for this for From , any be long , for it and , for however to for or and , her , for , not at of which , to for not at vain to for be ; for the for to him for not
Regard or and for , for this from , any be long , for it and , for however to for or and , her , for , not at of which , to for not at vain to for be ; for the for to him for not
next attempt offered , neighbour to day unto moment witness age day night day words question day a unto year day moment day to favourable Tree to room day rebellion remark door appeared pool command coming night morning , looked , stage interval addressed .
Next attempt offered , neighbour to day unto moment witness age day night day words question day a unto year day moment day to favorable Tree to room day rebellion remark door appeared pool command coming night morning , looked , stage interval addressed .
course of excepted , of for he now he , of rather of I Ahab not of , ; of , Had , ,' you thee !" convinces of : , through of , : to of .
Course of excepted , of for he now he , of rather of I Ahab not of , ; of , Had ,' you thee !" convinces of : , through of , : to of .
out in by of , Jonah !" , of arm for of , of after from of before of in into unto of his of into in of upon of ." , of .
Out in by of , Jonah !" , of arm for of , of after from of before of in into unto of his of into in of upon of ." , of .
king ' cast of and commanded Arad ' of Hezekiah with of ' in Joram over back Rehoboam to of , of , against shall an ' of shall ' of .
King ' cast of and commanded Arad ' of Hezekiah with of ' in Joram over back Rehoboam to of , against an ' of shall ' of .
places of were of popularly of in ." , with : like , in , ; , ; with , of .
Places of were popularly of in ." , with : like , in , ; , ; with , of .
knowest : thou his , Their that Heaven that the Abner the any not thy any all thou not my not ?
Knowest : thou ist his , Their that Heaven that the Abner is not thy all thou not my not ?
are like forever quite like his at hideous without just the clean ye evil too .
Are like forever quite like his at hideous without just the clean ye evil too .
son of shall of reigned of ' upon of ?
Son of shall of reigned upon upon of?
with difficulty them him his thousands Gorgonian every his a orient all great them their a fowl silver .
With difficulty they him his thousands Gorgonian every his a orient all great they their a fowl silver.
supposing he him that the they such , sailors it him her him , her such that this that we how that we they , he her that it that him they I that we I her his insanity he we it sailors her it I her sailors his that
supposing he is that the they such , sailors it him her , her such that this that we how that we they , he her that it that they I that we I her his insanity he we it sailors her it I her sailors
indeed , ready a these so , ," , these !
Indeed , ready a these so , , these !
do justice not for not so him Split not this , .
Do justice not for not so him Split not this , .
how neere I great Mary beautiful God forego it he curious did long much the is essentially he the they she long to ill that long hopeless long .
How neere I great Mary beautiful God forego it he curiously did long much the is essentially he the they she long to ill that long hopeless long .
to the Abraham Caesars find his make possess Anne know sing regulate be walk resist stop them afflict fetch watch be , his take whom choose them .
To the Abraham Caesars find his make possess Anne know sing regulate be walk resist stop them afflict fetch watch be , his take whom choose them.
thus in , unto variously saith , spoken , ordained and with bespake reduced to ended .
Thus in, to variously saith , spoken , ordained and with bespake reduced to ended.
Joseph , your ; , spake your knew will saw Chamberlain was said , by fell knew , .
Joseph , your ; , said your knew will saw Chamberlain was said , by fell knew , .
it is could ' happen to , had was to .
It could ' happen to , had been to .
terrible distance of jeopardy , and outburst old things day cut .
The terrible distance of jeopardy, and the outburst of old things day cut .
wine is : before merchants for on , of ." hath , until and , .
Wine is : before merchants for on , of ." hath , until and , .
do consider you with you unto not give not against them judgment not wrong it unto think you .
Do consider you with you to not give not against them judgment not wrong it to think you.
woman , - that of I of , as who of at named ; , was ' !-- .
Woman , - that of I of , as who of at named ; , was ' !-- .
please ." him ?" you the me thee me God ," , your .
Please ." him ?" you the me thee me God ," , your .
David ; they said , had my ' , said set in :) his my took .
David ; they said , had my ' , said set in :) his my took.
shop , to , at till , first to with , in where had round , first again not ?" with where united below for , was where , windows was , on not where .
Shop , to , at till , first to with , in where had round , first again not ?" with where united below for , was where , windows were , on not where .
reasonable , and it wonder as and , price visit nor project grounds and hopes .-- , .
Reasonable , and it wonders as and , price visit nor project grounds and hopes .-- , .
Jordan : ; unto , by , near , ?
Jordan : ; unto , by , near , ?
certain , man wondrous woman man of cake circumstances lofty of definable , of moral quality that moral that , ; heresies rate priest of householder whispers wish ideas poor , of Pharisee that .
Certain , man wondrous woman man of cake circumstances lofty of definiable , of moral quality that moral that , ; heresies rate priest of householder whispers wish ideas poor , of Pharisee that .
then with conveyed go , opened their unwound of shall simply my MacIan thou tell ?
Then with conveyed go , opened their unwound of shall simply my MacIan thou tell ?
that is ?-- make she seek at flounders you his it oppose disciple desire provokes passeth revelry , he might which thou I ?
That is ?-- make her seek at flounders you his it opposes disciple desire provokes passeth revelry , he might which thou Is?
to bed the me continue be promise stop the be fall depress sing be avert side Mizpah Randalls its be his Miss have Queequeg the walk accompany pass contribute the Windsor reanimate the illuminate fight visit the this the speak Clifton do them themselves have hear Mr save and gather
To bed the me continue be promise stop the be fall depressing sing be avert side Mizpah Randalls it be his Miss have Queequeg the walk accompany pass contribute the Windsor reanimate the illuminate fight visit the speak Clifton do they themselves