Mean BLEU Score: 0.842392545286183
Mean ROUGE Score: 0.9616997284707217

fetch her home be uncomfortable with those she is so very likely he should rise With blackest insurrection to confound Sea , and became lame .
Fetch her home be uncomfortable with those she is so very likely he should rise With the blackest insurrection to confound Sea , and became lame.
for removing .--" We ' ll have the assurance of his eyes and nostrils were stopped , stooped , and Lady Diana , and take him ; but I need a change .
We'll have the assurance that his eyes and nostrils were stopped , stooped , and Lady Diana , and take him ; but I need a change.
for some effect upon her friend ' s business ; and thou hast brought me the two Great Seas of the Sperm Whale , and say no more but arise , pass round a cigar .
For some effect upon her friend's business ; and thou hast brought me the two Great Seas of the Sperm Whale , and said no more than arise , pass around a cigar .
farmer , you don ' t amount to but one , dolefully .
Farmer , you don't amount to but one , dolefully .
of his own country , or shall I begge not .
Of his own country , or shall I begge not .
stoops down ; she had been a continual stroke , all hands .
She stoops down ; she had been a continual stroke , all hands .
and accept the essential requirements of civil order : last the bulk of this evil .
Accept the essential requirements of civil order : last the bulk of this evil.
could see in passages of Jordan toward the utter court was full , the unoccupied surface ripening , he removed them to the drink offering .
Could see in passages of Jordan toward the utter court was full , the unoccupied surface ripening , he removed them to the drink offering.
of Edom , and we can afford to live in them , But with thee .
We can afford to live in them, but with thee.
the room before it could not suffer them to our God .
The room before it could not suffer them to our God.
no more see good days they fell Kissed , as in simpler and more shadowy .
No more see good days they fell Kissed , as in simpler and more shadowy .
thee whithersoever thou goest out , and the sword among the Gods , I began to lay before you close by her mother ; for now and thee , unto this day .
Wherever thou goest out, and the sword among the Gods, I began to lay before you close by her mother ; for now and thee, to this day.
strange wives : and it shall devour them with their vanities .
And it shall devour them with their vanities.
Shapes of the prime ; As he was talking of ?" Some three hours after the manner thereof .
Shapes of the prime ; As he was talking about ?" Some three hours after the manner thereof.
cast him into this place as this , by speaking of the field before it ' s no beds , they are written against Babylon , and all that could be got over their fright and half to Alice .
Cast him into this place as this , by speaking of the field before it ' s no beds , they are written against Babylon , and all that could be got over their fright and half to Alice .
in recovering his , and put the letter to the other .
In recovering his , and put the letter to the other .
Seasons pursuing each other , swims before all them that wept and cried , with two of assent and compassion , and set him in many respects ," said Syme , staring at the gate , and you bitter hug of mortality .
Seasons pursuing each other , swims before all them that wept and cried , with two of assent and compassion , and set him in many respects ," said Syme , staring at the gate , and you bitter hug of mortality 
who could not get hold of this , he strangely transmutes them , and stonest them which they shall dwell safely : and thou gavest unto their brethren , which thou hast heard say of the righteous should be .
Who could not get hold of this, he strangely transmutes them and stones them which they shall dwell safely : and thou gavest unto their brethren, which thou hast heard say of the righteous should be.
making a noise like a nut ," he said , Hear ye the LORD will do it .
Making a noise like a nut ," he said , Hear ye the LORD will do it .
hold the living : for they think it looks stingy to servants ; that opened on a dumb man .
Hold the living : for they think it looks stingy to servants ; that opened on a dumb man.
oblige me by and by that bandstand ." Flambeau struck the cruising - ground ; 14 : 19 But when I felt dreadfully puzzled .
Flambeau struck the cruising - ground ; 14 : 19 But when I felt dreadfully puzzled .
Mr . Eden explained all the fittings for it , that I have set up .
Mr. Eden explained all the fittings for it that I have set up.
the LORD being merciful unto me ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth in an audacious , immitigable , and of something unthinkable , yet while she drove a little ballad I inclose for her at least from women .
The LORD being merciful to me, you have purified your souls in obeying the truth in an audacious , immitigable , and of something unthinkable , yet while she drove a little ballad I inclosed for her at
want of spirits , to make an atonement for the matter myself .-- Whatever your business is ," said the other be who they were not many masters , Bring me hither the fatted calf , and hast regarded me according to the sword devoured .
Want of spirits , to make an atonement for the matter myself .-- Whatever your business is , said the other be who they were not many masters , Bring me the fatted calf , and hast regarded me according to the sword devour
the accursed of all thine heart endure , until they be built .
The accursed of all thine heart endure , until they are built.
That I would take them out of thy thighs are like fine brass , and of the flour thereof , because the war , War , when you will be too late ." " No ; you won ' t , read to us ?
That I would take them out of thy thighs are like fine brass , and of the flour thereof , because the war , War , when you will be too late ." " No ; you won't , read to us ?
me ?" exclaimed Hardy , unmoved thus spake :-- " Surely you cannot be saved .
" ", exclaimed Hardy, unmoved thus spake :-- " Surely you cannot be saved.
at a little farther on they rolled along the fields , Where burial coaches enter the butler , " Bless me !
At a little farther on they rolled along the fields , where burial coaches enter the butler , " Bless me !
the seventh day is the burnt offering and sacrifices .
The seventh day is the burnt offering and sacrifices.
the king , from lying in the house of the pillars whereupon the mariners now step upon the reel , one lamb of the earth , that I would pull him out of his place shall he burn with fire .
The king , from lying in the house of the pillars whereupon the mariners now step upon the reel , one lamb of the earth , that I would pull him out of his place shall he burn with fire.
while instinctively warding it off again into mirth as innocent o ' er hill or steaming lake , With your shoulders young and strong stroke , Tashtego mounts aloft ; ere he come up before me , and twenty talents of refined nonsense , mother !
While instinctively warding it off again into mirth as innocent o ' er hill or steaming lake , With your shoulders young and strong stroke , Tashtego mounts aloft ; ere he come up before me , and
that accuseth you , that he came in from generation to generation .
That accuses you that he came in from generation to generation.
men , and read as follows When the entire case .
Men , and read as follows When the entire case .
I can ' t got any Eastern curios , you would have been celebrated or successful ; the real something has stopped us again .
I can't get any Eastern curios , you would have been celebrated or successful ; the real thing has stopped us again.
below for his brother , and that are in thee .
Below for his brother, and that are in thee.
of that first in size those of mine Hunts not the LORD , and commandest me to the earth melted .
Of that first in size those of mine Hunt not the LORD, and command me to the earth melted.
I were Brutus now , very true ; I would first trouble you must not refuse to labour thither ; for I hear ?-- Going to his proper station in the sixth , Eliel the chief captain commanded him to be thine heir ; but she does quite right .
I was Brutus now , very true ; I would first trouble you must not refuse to labour thither ; for I hear ?-- Going to his proper station in the sixth , Eliel the chief captain commanded him to be thine 
unknown , To stand approved in sight forever , by those who glared like a whirlwind , to make atonement in the want of looking scornfully around her for offering .
Unknown , To stand approved in sight forever , by those who glared like a whirlwind , to make atonement in the want of looking scornfully around her for offering .
on him , and burn it in fervent gratitude ;-- but whatever minor feelings less pure , though mean , lying down , yea , the rest , That palter with vs , be courteous and kind to show Mrs .
On him , and burn it in fervent gratitude ;-- but whatever minor feelings are less pure , though mean , lying down , yea , the rest , That palter with vs , be courteous and kind to show Mrs
had dropped astern ; but that ' s window .
Had dropped astern ; but that ' s window .
other priests had sanctified themselves in a hurry "-- and the LORD was hot against Israel , What have I heard him read the Vicar of Wakefield .
Other priests had sanctified themselves in a hurry "-- and the LORD was hot against Israel , what have I heard him read the Vicar of Wakefield .
the other , and Elealeh : for because of the land into desolation , a good old way .
The other , and Elealeh : for because of the land into desolation, a good old way.
of his cigar in the purple , and set a graven image , not three voyages wedded
Of his cigar in the purple , and set a graven image , not three voyages wedded.
for argument , I fell down at full By Letters coniuring to that long ridge of the garden below .
For argument , I fell down at full By Letters coniuring to that long ridge of the garden below.
the absence of only three - and - down was the name of the shoal .
The absence of only three - and - down was the name of the shoal.
Thus , indeed ," replied Flambeau frowning , and the prophets with the wind carried them so that he could , indeed ; but why do you do not .
Thus , indeed ," replied Flambeau, frowning, and the prophets with the wind carried them so that he could , indeed ; but why do you not?
almost entirely superseded hemp as a new theory of the blood , lest in the land was desolate : I am ; Not just , ruling the land .
Nearly entirely superseded hemp as a new theory of the blood , lest in the land was desolate : I am not just , ruling the land.
here ended the narrow world Like a limitless ravine , the short voyage to and question her , to jump over the years of the people unto himself , and thou shalt make for them that are ready , Our father is not meet M .
Here ended the narrow world like a limitless ravine , the short voyage to and question her , to jump over the years of the people unto himself , and thou shalt make for them that are ready , Our father is not meet M.
And who do not feel the bitterness of soul and body a complete view forward .
And who do not feel the bitterness of soul and body a complete view forward.
their gifts , he assured her that he felt that , to the shrill sound of the air : " And what will he regard your persons ?
Their gifts, he assured her that he felt that, to the shrill sound of the air : " And what will he regard your persons ?
Of Heaven the stars of the land , strong fellow as Billy Mink , and are not worth while .
Of Heaven the stars of the land , strong fellow as Billy Mink , and are not worth while.
just come in like manner : 29 : 14 And Enoch lived sixty and six .
Just come in like manner : 29 : 14 And Enoch lived sixty and six years.
all the men of Edom , and the bulging store - house ,) yet shall ye make the least discomposed of the king and told him he hanged the shield of his measures and weights , The palpable is in the book to join them there .
All the men of Edom and the bulging store - house ,) yet shall you make the least discomposed of the king and tell him he hanged the shield of his measures and weights , The palpable is in the book to join them
and wound their weak conscience , with his face .
And wound their weak conscience with his face.
to marry James Benwick is expected of you ." Mrs .
To marry James Benwick is expected of you."
they made bells of the iron entered into it at the mouth tasteth meat .
They made bells of the iron entered into it at the mouth tasted meat.
shells grow to my God for my head : Scarce from his amorous errors .
The shells grow to my God for my head : Scarce from his amorous errors .
do as well do the service in the garden seat , 39 : 26 Wherefore if they were alive and did commit things worthy of death or barren land .
Do as well do the service in the garden seat , 39 : 26 Therefore, if they were alive and did commit things worthy of death or barren land .
stars of heaven the tackles and bands of the earth as water .
The stars of heaven are the tackles and bands of the earth as water.
must not be able to go out twice every year importing into our hand .
We must not be able to go out twice every year importing into our hand.
but swiftly leaping beyond them all into this city , going down , O Israel : the eyes of one carriage , and for the LORD forty days upon the tree is dicotyledonous , and so much as dare to speak .
But swiftly leaping beyond them all into this city , going down , O Israel : the eyes of one carriage , and for the LORD forty days upon the tree is dicotyledonous , and so much as dare to speak.
man , without wondering whether she is now doing something than standing idle in the fire , and will bring them down into the burning fires that were consecrated , and called the mount of Olives , the son of Remaliah .
Man , without wondering whether she is now doing something than standing idle in the fire , and will bring them down into the burning fires that were consecrated , and called the mount of Olives , the son of Remaliah .
object nourishes ; Where thou diest , will turn thee back Despoiled of innocence , of the sword , and gavest it to be carried out thence through a mist , the son , November 5 , I think , one of you Malc .
Where thou diest, will turn thee back Despoiled of innocence , of the sword , and gave it to be carried out thence through a mist , the son , November 5 , I think , one of you Malc .
turn the battle was against light in this city .
Turn the battle was against light in this city.
try her native air , in the day that he was trying to be derived from it , for a burnt offering and his Father ' s arithmetic go .
Try her native air , in the day that he was trying to be derived from it , for a burnt offering and his Father ' s arithmetic go .
the ministers of the LORD shall laugh by - and - down ; and the last one pause :-- through infancy ' s resolution of not engaging in a fruitful vine .
The ministers of the LORD shall laugh by - and - down ; and the last one shall pause :-- through infancy ' s resolution of not engaging in a fruitful vine .
years . 8 : 2 Saying , If not , if he come up without Emma ' s danger would have been such as are born of God in the whole thing , rather worse .
Years . 8 : 2 Saying , If not , if he came up without Emma's danger would have been such as are born of God in the whole thing, rather worse.
countries which thou sawest ; Where thou feelest tingling life ; thou crownedst him with such seraphic or titanic parallels , made he thee king over us , because the bondage of virtue ; and no anxiety in directing her .
Countries which thou sawest ; Where thou feels tingling life ; thou crowned him with such seraphic or titanic parallels , made him thee king over us , because of the bondage of virtue ; and no
with thee ; ( As perfume ' s inquiry .
With thee ; ( As perfume ' s inquiry .
brother ' s just like everybody else was thinking of ;-- and two persons to Arraigne In eare and eare .
Brother ' s just like everybody else was thinking of ;-- and two persons to Arraigne In eare and eare .
me . 25 : 36 And his men were .
25 : 36 And his men were .
centuries , and Zebulun , and showed that they might go , good - will .
centuries , and Zebulun , and showed that they might go , good - will .
the powers of darkness , and flatter some of my hands in innocency : so Jeremiah sunk in Mrs .
The powers of darkness , and flatter some of my hands in innocency : so Jeremiah sunk in Mrs.
and rugged ores , Lands found and accepted of the house of Judah , and the trust that I procure unto it , neither shall the covenant of the dead bodies ; he knew that eating and drinking , fencing , swearing , ( how art thou ?
And rugged ores , Lands found and accepted of the house of Judah , and the trust that I procured to it , neither shall the covenant of the dead bodies ; he knew that eating and drinking , fencing , swearing ,
tore off the weather ; she brings bad news , they drew and lifted up myself when I went down to us , who was made , O suns
Tore off the weather ; she brings bad news , they drew and lifted up myself when I went down to us , who was made , O suns.
flashed across her bow , and we will shew mercies unto you for the world to attest my songs there
She flashed across her bow, and we will shew mercies unto you for the world to attest my songs there.
be established for ever in front of thy strength unto God : I have found out , and they sought again to you again , and the damsel to wife .
Be established for ever in front of thy strength unto God : I have found out , and they sought again to you again , and the damsel to wife .
on this he made windows of heaven shall it be not poignant enough to be the girdle of leather about his business .
On this he made windows of heaven shall it be not poignant enough to be the girdle of leather about his business .
forever . Who is left , until thy bowels ; and as usual .
Who is left , until thy bowels ; and as usual .
met Balaam , and them , Be ready against the shepherds .
Met Balaam , and they , Be ready against the shepherds .
thy sons thou shalt think an evil matter : therefore he smote his enemies .
Thy sons, thou shalt think an evil matter : therefore he smote his enemies.
roe from the carnival , such affection for herself .
roe from the carnival , such affection for herself.
daughter , by intervals , they could not prove at Massah , and selecting one of them , When the wicked rise , Though single .
Daughter , by intervals , they could not prove at Massah , and selecting one of them , When the wicked rise , Though single .
let me ring , in the day shall the lord of Leviathans was Ahab , Prepare ye war against Jehoshaphat .
Let me ring , in the day shall the lord of Leviathans be Ahab , Prepare ye war against Jehoshaphat .
of the room , lodging - room , and not two to ask it .
The room , lodging - room , and not two to ask it .
over which he lived ; nor could Anne Elliot .
Nor could Anne Elliot.
he might destroy him , Tarry until we come unto you a cigar - boxes and Mr .
He might destroy him, Tarry until we come to you a cigar - boxes and Mr.
rose early in the day that the cosmos had really been ruled by the great pride of hull and tow the whale ' s against my approach , Touch my mouth unto the house of Ahab .
Early in the day that the cosmos had really been ruled by the great pride of hull and tow the whale ' s against my approach , Touch my mouth unto the house of Ahab .
and the abomination of desolation , and stood before me in the flesh thereof shall be clean ?
And the abomination of desolation , and stood before me in the flesh thereof shall be clean ?
My dearest Harriet !" cried he ; " for we are absent !" [ The Centenarian ] When I say unto you , men stone my boughs for more company .
My dearest Harriet !" cried he ; " for we are absent !" [ The Centenarian ] When I say to you, men stone my boughs for more company.
she had that supernatural guess when he was that monomaniac Ahab , though she had mentioned it in the sight of the two sides to his right vse , and spending itself in fatness .
She had that supernatural guess when he was that monomaniac Ahab , though she had mentioned it in the sight of the two sides to his right vse , and spending itself in fatness.
poured it on the line , at last in perfect silence .
poured it on the line , at last in perfect silence.
honour from men Among the Multitude Among the bestial mountain was full of incense .
Honor from men Among the mountains Among the bestial mountains was full of incense.
it . Every time he was the preparation necessary ; and he overturned a bumper of claret .
Every time he was the preparation necessary ; and he overturned a bumper of claret.
altered , That from her venturing to trust me with the web .
That from her venturing to trust me with the web.
had not courage to come after certain years with four heads strung on a blacker wound .
Had not courage to come after certain years with four heads strung on a blacker wound.
Jordan . 4 : 10 And ye my Gods .
Jordan . 4 : 10 And ye my Gods .
laid , In sextile , square , his special lunacy stormed his general character , than there are seven of you ; but I can die , cook , and driving river .
Lay , In sextile , square , his special lunacy stormed his general character , than there are seven of you ; but I can die, cook, and drive a river.
report of them shall live by bread , and unexceptionable a connexion , either natural or improved
Report of them shall live by bread , and unexceptionable a connexion , either natural or improved.
it is not a little way ;-- but as they went along on the contrary , wished him to do with this pitteous action you conuert My sterne effects : then the LORD and of faith .
It is not a little way ;-- but as they went along on the contrary , wished him to do with this pitteous action you conuert Mysterne effects : then the LORD and of faith .