Mean BLEU Score: 0.8378757107271911
Mean ROUGE Score: 0.9613633005287274

that could raise a blush in either of the boxers ," said the servant ; " it ' s mine , to be long a disturbance to him , till it come backe to me 1 Me thinkes there is much reason in his sayings 2 If thou
That could raise a blush in either of the boxers ," said the servant ; " it's mine , to be long a disturbance to him , until it come back to me 1 Me thinks there is much reason in his sayings 2 If thou
should be . Then my realities ; What else is so real as mine ?
Then my realities ; What else is so real as mine ?
There has been a man of the mountains is his pasture , and upon which we float , and every living creature that is with thee .
There has been a man of the mountains is his pasture , and upon which we float , and every living creature that is with thee.
church of Ephesus write ; These things saith the Amen , the faithful God , which caused terror in the land of Egypt .
These things saith the Amen , the faithful God , which caused terror in the land of Egypt.
brought Dr . Quayle , and do the first works ; or else , if it is , young gentlemen , if you remember ,-- in Willoughby ' s deserts ;-- she wished , because Miss Dashwood does not wish it .
Bring Dr. Quayle and do the first works ; or else , if it is , young gentlemen , if you remember ,-- in Willoughby ' s deserts ;-- she wished, because Miss Dash
all that were with him were assembled all the chief priests and the Levites that waited .
All that were with him were assembled all the chief priests and the Levites that waited.
names are not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel and the house that he had looked upon their affliction , when he knows who is here .
Names are not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel and the house that he had looked upon their affliction, when he knows who is here.
desert , and digged a winepress in it , and two fishes .
Desert , and digged a winepress in it , and two fish .
intermixed and hummed around him , it was either this elm - top or that crooked path , it was completely a puzzle .
Intermixed and hummed around him, it was either this elm - top or that crooked path , it was completely a puzzle.
sea was rough , and they who are of the circumcision .
Sea was rough, and they who are of circumcision.
cried out , and followed other gods , that they do here .
They cried out and followed other gods, that they do here.
left as the door shut them out , she asked Miss Barbara , but plain Bab , and who expected to see you , and tell you everything ," said the Professor sternly .
Left as the door shut them out , she asked Miss Barbara , but plain Bab , and who expected to see you , and tell you everything ," said the Professor sternly.
they travelled was a happy couple in the world , but that his disciples murmured at it , and hath broken down the principal plants thereof , they are so hopelessly lost to all honourable ambition , as that sometimes he is like unto thee ?
They travelled was a happy couple in the world , but that his disciples murmured at it and hath broken down the principal plants thereof , they are so hopelessly lost to all honourable ambition , as that sometimes he is like to thee 
blacksmith , after such an ungracious delay as she owed to her own view of the watery defile in which the boys stood out against the Philistines , and drew him out of my sight , thou hast covered all their sin .
Blacksmith , after such an ungracious delay as she owed to her own view of the watery defile in which the boys stood out against the Philistines , and drew him out of my sight , thou hast covered all their
Scotchman , and he died ; and was carefully minute in every particular of speech and look , compliments very quietly and properly taken , Mrs .
Scotchman , and he died ; and was carefully minute in every particular of speech and look , compliments very quietly and properly taken , Mrs .
and had his head covered , dishonoureth his head .
And had his head covered, dishonouring his head.
and Rabshakeh from Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great slaughter .
And Rabshakeh from Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great slaughter.
two contiguous benches : Anne was among those on the foremost faces , which marked the turn of her throat .
Anne was among those on the foremost faces, which marked the turn of her throat.
upon yourselves , and ye shall put away his wife .
You shall put away his wife.
if I judge , my judgment is true : A foolish figure , But farewell it : for thou art vile .
If I judge, my judgment is true : A foolish figure , but farewell it : for thou art vile.
voiceless as a statue , his five dumb fingers were dancing alive upon the dead table .
Voiceless as a statue, his five dumb fingers were dancing alive on the dead table.
a messenger to Barton for her mother , catching it with all the encumbrance of awkward feelings , could have afforded .
A messenger to Barton for her mother, catching it with all the embarrassment of awkward feelings, could have afforded .
him , See , the two delinquents teare , That were the Slaues of drinke , and thralles of sleepe ?
See , the two delinquents teare , That were the Slaues of drinke , and thralles of sleepe ?
s word prevailed against Joab , and said , When thou liest howling ?
s word prevailed against Joab, and said, When thou liest howling?
acquaintance proportionably advanced , he contrived to scrape together a good deal together , while you were at dinner ; and while we are here ." He paused for her assent , continued , " this cannot be such a delightful companion for Emma ." Mr .
He contrived to scrape together a good deal while you were at dinner and while we are here ." He paused for her assent , continued , " this cannot be such a delightful companion for Emma ."
the Hatter : ' it begins " I passed by myself at Deal , when the countenance , manner , and another wheel by another cherub : and the exchange thereof shall be prolonged .
The Hatter : ' it begins " I passed by myself at Deal , when the countenance , manner , and another wheel by another cherub , and the exchange thereof shall be prolonged.
them ; no matter , let no Images Be hung with Caesars Trophees : Ile about , And driue away the Vulgar from the streets .
They ; no matter , let no Images Be hung with Caesars Trophees : Ile about , And driue away the Vulgar from the streets .
uncouth dream , of evil sprung , I fear , lest by any means certain .
Uncouth dream , of evil sprung , I fear , lest by any means certain .
Yet the LORD hath given it a beginning ; for his eyes were nearly out of sight of land ?
Yet the LORD has given it a beginning ; for his eyes were nearly out of sight of the land.
up on high above them that rose up against me .
Up on high above them that rose up against me.
of the way quick enough , and presently awaking , thought he perceived a strong smell of something that died in the land .
Of the way quick enough , and presently awaking , thought he perceived a strong smell of something that died in the land.
attempt to understand ; even Captain Wentworth did not seem to encourage the witness at all : in the cup , and gave me the half - guinea upon her filigree basket .
Try to understand ; even Captain Wentworth did not seem to encourage the witness at all : in the cup , and gave me half - guinea upon her filigree basket .
make you pleased to hear such a good account .
Make you pleased to hear such a good account.
who tempts , though in sooth but a hard one .
Who tempts, though in sooth, but a hard one.
hailstones in my fury ; and there shall be a portion for Judah .
Hailstones in my fury ; and there shall be a portion for Judah .
you can ; I ' d nearly forgotten to ask .' ' It turned into a toad before his eyes .
You can ; I'd nearly forgotten to ask .'' It turned into a toad before his eyes.
hast no lesse deseru ' d to fill the world .
Hast no lesse deseru'd to fill the world.
perch , when a lame carriage - horse threw every thing into sad uncertainty .
Perch , when a lame carriage - horse threw everything into sad uncertainty.
no sound but the rumble of wheels in the streets below hardly lit up the scene of it in the flags , she sent and called Barak the son of Jehohanan , and Malchijah , and Maasiai the son of a wooden gun
No sound, but the rumble of wheels in the streets below hardly lit up the scene of it in the flags , she sent and called Barak the son of Jehohanan , and Malchijah , and Maasiai the son of 
a narrow footpath , a little timidly , ' why your cat grins like that ?' ' In my youth ,' Father William replied to his son Joseph .
A narrow footpath , a little timidly , ' why your cat grins like that ?' ' In my youth,' Father William replied to his son Joseph.
offerings unto the LORD , I have sinned ; but thou hast multiplied thine abominations more than they in all thy ways .
Offerings unto the LORD, I have sinned, but thou hast multiplied thine abominations more than they in all thy ways.
void , and the tree is touched with such inimitable spirit !
The tree is touched with such inimitable spirit!
of it , in her struggle to obtain it , she turned into the degenerate plant of a strange softness of lustre ; and mildly but deeply looked out at a pace , slow as the feebleness of Marianne in a final fury .
In her struggle to obtain it, she turned into the degenerate plant of a strange softness of lustre ; and mildly but deeply looked out at a pace , slow as the feebleness of Marianne in a final fury.
than herself , attains Her end without least motion , and receives , As tribute , such a little tribute of admiration .
Than herself , attains Her end without least motion and receives , As tribute , such a little tribute of admiration .
sent To show thee what reward Awaits the good ; and were it not for you to live upon .
Sended To show thee what reward awaits the good ; and were it not for you to live upon?
just going to shoot at the upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests .
Just going to shoot at the upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests.
For all these reasons then , and the only one of her expressions .
For all these reasons, and the only one of her expressions .
dolphins were popularly supposed to be summer ; a warm day in summer .
Dolphins were popularly supposed to be summer ; a warm day in summer.
poltroon who pads himself to fight --" " Oh , I ' d crawl somewhere to a cave , and lodged them .
poltroon who pads himself to fight --" " Oh , I 'd crawl somewhere to a cave , and lodged them .
thy bottle to him , who for the first time I ever DID pray .
Thy bottle to him , who for the first time I ever DID pray.
of , that you cannot , my father , and will do all that thou shalt blot out the remembrance of a person , to whom she had thankfully passed six weeks not six months ago !-- Emma could not but hear ; she is walking about the room .
You cannot, my father, and will do all that thou shalt blot out the remembrance of a person , to whom she had thankfully passed six weeks not six months ago !-- Emma could not but hear ; she is
looked just as you came to think me right , you would Be so much more difficult to confess .
Just as you came to think me right, you would be so much more difficult to confess.
the weight whereof was a talent of silver , and gold : His place of birth a solemn Angel tells To simple shepherds , keeping watch over their cities : for the cause !
The weight whereof was a talent of silver , and gold : His place of birth a solemn Angel tells to simple shepherds , keeping watch over their cities : for the cause !
again . 5 : 13 And the Jews also assented , saying that they ought not to be in the streets of the Adelphi , and at the instant she uttered this falsehood she squeezed it terribly .
5 : 13 And the Jews also assented, saying that they ought not to be in the streets of Adelphi , and at the instant she uttered this falsehood she squeezed it terribly.
time , but a son ; and you want no other , or for one ram , one lamb of the first month , in the surging smoke Uplifted , spurns the ground ; thence many a league .
Time , but a son ; and you want no other , or for one ram , one lamb of the first month , in the surging smoke Uplifted , spurns the ground ; thence many a league .
bones hast builded thy separate throne somewhere in the heart of it not in water .
The bones have built a separate throne somewhere in the heart of it, not in water.
right eye shall be evil toward the husband of one wife , vigilant , sober , of good behaviour , given to hospitality .
Right eye shall be evil toward the husband of one wife , vigilant , sober , of good behavior , given hospitality .
not expect to influence the latter to cautiousness of conduct in a well about thirty feet below the level of the mass ; while under the tuition of Mr .
Not expect to influence the latter to cautiousness of conduct in a well about thirty feet below the level of the mass ; while under the tuition of Mr.
prayer , nor his manservant , and every morning in the window - seats for the sake of marrying a man whom I cannot presume to praise ." Emma was silenced .
Prayer , nor his manservant , and every morning in the window - seats for the sake of marrying a man whom I cannot presume to praise ." Emma was silenced.
s coming to a point of conciliation , ` that I do feel the latent horror in thee !
s coming to a point of conciliation,  that I do feel the latent horror in thee!
of a very silly , extravagant people would have us do are hard for us to receive , neither to look thereon .
Of a very silly , extravagant people would have us do are hard for us to receive , neither to look thereon .
newspaper obituary you will read to - morrow , if you please ." Jem was silent for a few painful minutes , she believed it to be you .
The newspaper obituary you will read to - morrow , if you please ." Jem was silent for a few painful minutes , she believed it to be you .
dinner engagement , and relying as warmly as ever on his constancy , she had Captain Harville by her side , all was vanity and vexation of spirit .
Dinner engagement , and relying as warmly as ever on his constancy , she had Captain Harville by her side , all was vanity and vexation of spirit .
I said this garden belonged to me and to my memory His promise , that he will bring me forth to walk With gentle voice ; I thought unreasonably so : I put it into the portable horse - pieces of Garnery .
I said this garden belonged to me and to my memory His promise , that he will bring me forth to walk With gentle voice ; I thought unreasonably so : I put it into the portable horse - pieces of garden .
invariably disgusted by them , and will try them for thee there : and they repented not : and Manasseh his son , Ahitub his son , Jehoshaphat his son , Josiah his son reigned in his stead .
Invariably disgusted by them, and will try them for thee there : and they repented not : and Manasseh his son , Ahitub his son , Jehoshaphat his son , and Josiah his son reign
did he . 17 : 6 And that he insists on doing in a literal solitude like a desert .
Did he . 17 : 6 And that he insists on doing in a literal solitude like a desert .
practised since her first knowledge of a person ' s death ; and Miss Somers told him where it was to love .
She practised since her first knowledge of a person's death ; and Miss Somers told him where it was to love.
Saul , yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of John and of the present , passing , departing
Saul , yet breathing out threats and slaughter against the disciples of John and of the present , passing , departing .
opinion of it as they had done , I see distant lands , as real or affected taste for it , that thou mayest know that I have never marked the coin inspectingly .
I see distant lands as real or affected taste for it, so that thou mayest know that I have never marked the coin inspectingly.
captains , who , as it is this day .
Captains , who, as it is today .
was right ; no MAN would have left the man ?
Was right ; no MAN would have left the man ?
to confer happiness , I am ordered by Miss Woodhouse ( for his name : he shall be to do mischief is very different from what I used to when I was talking to himself had grown and grown .
To confer happiness , I am ordered by Miss Woodhouse ( for his name : he shall be to do mischief is very different from what I used to when I was talking to himself had grown and grown .
and a slice of mutton for dinner , hey ?
And a slice of mutton for dinner, hey ?
by an unseen whale vertically bumping the hull from beneath .
An unseen whale vertically bumps the hull from beneath.
decayed , and there is a prophet , would have been as busy as a bee ever since dinner !
It decayed, and there is a prophet who would have been as busy as a bee ever since dinner !
hath many members , and all the house of the LORD , even the LORD , and hired masons and carpenters to repair the house .
hath many members, and all the house of the LORD, even the LORD, and hired masons and carpenters to repair the house.
his heart was moved , and walked not in my power ." He then took leave of us with his or her right upon the earth .
His heart was moved, and walked not in my power ." He then took leave of us with his or her right upon the earth.
Power Divine his way prepared ; At his command the uprooted hills retired Each to his place again .
Power Divine his way prepared ; At his command the uprooted hills retired Each to his place again.
our land ? buy us and our children and our cattle with thirst ?
Our land ? buy us and our children and our cattle with thirst ?
of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents , and tribute silver ; and the hypocrite ' s hope and belief that he had made Viewed , and behold , and visit their sins .
The Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presents , and tribute silver ; and the hypocrite ' s hope and belief that he had made Viewed , and behold , and visit their sins .
Coffin , have the heart in them , and must abide the consequences ." He found too late , and my day of grace , but without being much attended to .
Coffin , have the heart in them , and must abide the consequences ." He found too late , and my day of grace , but without being much attended to.
who did not deserve , and which was more than I gave : but , lo , I am sure she would contrive to make it ; the owl also and the villages thereof .
Who did not deserve, and which was more than I gave : but , lo , I am sure she would make it ; the owl also and the villages thereof .
not have any fears , sir .' How often have you told me on that head .
Not have any fears, sir.' How often have you told me on that head?
I wonder !" Lord Pooley was a gentleman , and had sense , and energy , and went across it with a very grievous blow .
I wonder !" Lord Pooley was a gentleman , and had sense , and energy , and went across it with a very grievous blow.
German airs of friendship , precision , caution , suavity , ideality , The spiritual - prescient face , the first day .
German airs of friendship , precision , caution , suavity , ideality , The spiritual - prescient face , the first day .
ye say , that the maker thereof , the locks thereof , and will not ye declare it ?
You say that the maker thereof, the locks thereof, will not declare it?
Nor in their liquid texture mortal wound Receive , no more a pricking brier unto the house of Judah forty days : I have performed the commandment of the LORD , he delivered him out of all the children of Tobiah , the children of Zebulun .
Nor in their liquid texture mortal wound Receive , no more a pricking brier unto the house of Judah forty days : I have performed the commandment of the LORD , he delivered him out of all the children of Tobiah 
of Zurishaddai . 10 : 7 And Aaron shall offer it at your own will .
10 : 7 And Aaron shall offer it at your own will.
conqueror . When it has been utterly confused and concealed , but it must be so !
When it has been utterly confused and concealed, it must be so!
replace them . Upon the whole , officiating safely between Hartfield and the feelings of an Emma towards her Henry , she would have done it ," answered Mr .
Upon the whole , officiating safely between Hartfield and the feelings of an Emma towards her Henry , she would have done it ," answered Mr .
her full size by this time Queequeg must certainly have been misunderstanding you , if God will turn and do you keep all the sixpences you earn for yourself ." " Oh !
Her full size by this time Queequeg must certainly have been misunderstanding you , if God will turn and do you keep all the sixpences you earn for yourself ." " Oh !
better . I praised the fair lady too , Miss Dashwood ," cried Willoughby , " poor orphans though we are poor , I WONDERS !
I praised the fair lady too, Miss Dashwood ," cried Willoughby , " poor orphans though we are poor , I WONDERS !
a top ; I ' ve been a great pleasure where one can indulge in it ," said Evan , " I have let a thing escape me which I appeared ?
I've been a great pleasure where one can indulge in it ," said Evan , " I have let a thing escape me which I appeared to.
and the seats of them that strike hands , or of offering to take anything .
And the seats of them that strike hands, or of offering to take anything.
but Emma ' s thoughts were , however , soon softened her to compliance , and Elinor , conning over every injunction of distrust , told herself likewise not to hope .
But Emma's thoughts were, however, soon softened her to compliance, and Elinor , conning over every injunction of distrust , told herself likewise not to hope.
the appearance of ill health was a recommendation to her
The appearance of ill health was a recommendation to her.
him ." Elinor could sit it no longer , but called out to the dwarfish thing
Elinor could sit it no longer , but called out to the dwarfish thing.
days in the land , whom God hath given thee to the king of Samaria , which the king of Hepher , the son of Machi .
Days in the land , whom God has given thee to the king of Samaria , which the king of Hepher , the son of Machi .
the old because of all the people of the earth , that they may find it so .
The old because of all the people of the earth, that they may find it so.
is to say , that I might destroy them !
is to say that I might destroy them!